## This is a reflection on week 4 reading materials.  

Write **one to two paragraphs** about your reactions and thoughts to the weekly reading. In what ways did you agree or dissagree with the points raised by the author? What associations did it raise for you? How did it align with or diverge from your personal experience? Feel free to include [links](http://formandcode.com/) to other relevant readings, videos, or works in your reflection.

I agree about what Watz said that one strategy might yield stable and predictable behavior that falls just short of being aesthetically interesting. And another might lead to an unstable system that produces frequent crashes but also occasional displays of genius. 
I think this point also aligns with Gehry's quote that Sarin inserted in her slide: I have always felt, if you know what you're going to do in advance, then you won't do it. Your creativity starts with whether you're curious or not. I also think that this is a fundamental difference between artists and engineers. Engineers would prefer clear goals and achieve them with stable results while artists enjoy accidents and surprise gained from randomness and creativity. 

However, I do think that it is important for artists as well to understand the computational systems they are using. In this era of generative systmes, it hard for artists to claim their originality if they are using the pre-trained models as mentioned in both Sarin's talk and the interview with Akten. Wang made a good conclusion point that we need to understand what's inside the blackbox. In addition, as Akten also mentioned, 'intelligence explosion' or robots taking over are not the real concern, but how we thoroughly regulate the algorithms and developing fairer systems which will be beneficial to everybody are the major issues.   